RTC API refine documentation and test coverage (#56584)
zephyrproject-rtos/zephyr: doc/releases/release-notes-3.4.rst

  :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_FLASH_EX_OP_ENABLED` which depends on
  :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_FLASH_HAS_EX_OP` selected by driver.

* Introduced :ref:`rtc_api` API which adds experimental support for real-time clock
  devices. These devices previously used the :ref:`counter_api` API combined with
  conversion between unix-time and broken-down time. The new API adds the mandatory
  functions :c:func:`rtc_set_time` and :c:func:`rtc_get_time`, the optional functions
  :c:func:`rtc_alarm_get_supported_fields`, :c:func:`rtc_alarm_set_time`,
  :c:func:`rtc_alarm_get_time`, :c:func:`rtc_alarm_is_pending` and
  :c:func:`rtc_alarm_set_callback` enabled by :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_RTC_ALARM`,
  theoptional function :c:func:`rtc_update_set_callback` enabled by
  :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_RTC_UPDATE` and lastly the optional functions

>   :c:func:`rtc_set_calibration` and :c:func:`rtc_get_calibration` enabled by

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  :c:func:`rtc_set_calibration` and :c:func:`rtc_get_calibration` are enabled with
```
